i think i found someone to produce my
next album
his name's von daniels it says he was
tried for murder he was acquitted
come in mr daniels i'm glad you're here
gray this is my girlfriend
charlie hi i
get the creams since you got here your
music
is beautiful
i can smell it all over you and
something
primal you need to use that
there's nothing that you have to hide
from me
i suffer from hallucinations
i hallucinate that i'm turning into an
animal
[Music]
what's wrong you okay we're leaving this
place is doing something
it's not this place
you can't run away from your destiny i
don't know
it's not safe for you here
do you want to be a predator or do you
want to be praying
from everyone's eyes
hey sit down did we take no hey sit down
sit down or you're gonna class out
commander tickle commander
michael i'm zoe i'm a doctor i want you
to focus on slowing down your breathing
into your nose
out through your mouth
hi michael i'm marina bunnett the
commander of the ship
do you remember what happened on the pad
i'm a launch support engineer man
how long was i out we took off about 12
hours ago
please my sister she's alone we're not
going back
what do you mean we're not going back
this is a two-year mission
two years is a long time to be away but
this is the opportunity of a lifetime
i can learn fast ready yeah i'm ready
we are taking the first steps to being
able to call mars
a second home
we're sorry that you missed the filet
mignon but this is the next best thing
we think it's spaghetti i should warn
you now that zoe thinks she's the
inflight entertainment
there's no easy way to say this
life support is damaged permanently
we only have enough oxygen board for
three people
everyone on board will suffocate before
we ever make it to mars
hey ava i gotta face the fact that i'm
not gonna be there with you
this research is years of our lives are
we sure we want to throw it all away
[Music]
how much time do we have before it's too
late 20 days i think we should put
ourselves at risk
[Music]
for their sanity they need to try this
this is hopeless
[Music]
there's no way for all of us to survive
it's imperative that we try
this is a one-off it's a short time
frame
let me be crystal clear for this fee
it is delicate special outcome demanded
by client call me when it's done
you're a professional an expert devoted
to timing and precision
you keep your tools in pristine
condition you make
precise plans but there's always
events you can't control
[Music]
collateral damage it happens you know
that
some of us will hear those cries of
anguish
and horror for all eternity
you know what you want and what's that
maybe something to eat instead
what do you want something was off about
the deputy
it's really simple when you think about
it cannot be killed
you know the rules do not rush
do not hesitate do not
get distracted something on your mind i
had one last
loose end loose end something personal
we're killing machines that's what we do
tell me who sent you
and now you're just catching up
go back a long way do not put me in a
bad position
[Music]
your technical execution is brilliant
but there's no passion
in your play so much for prayers
maybe what you need is a change of scene
so what brings you to ireland a semester
abroad program at my college
beckett rush i've gotten this far
without being bothered all right
what are you doing here
i'll be staying here for the next few
months while we film
who knows maybe we'll run into each
other in a pub somewhere i seriously
doubt that
i heard back at rosh's at the airport do
you like him not really my type it's
all good to have you we're running a bed
and breakfast would you mind taking this
to the gentleman in the corner you
are you stalking me why is circuit rush
in the dining room
what nora dear give me jam this to come
yes sherlock
yes
i'm looking for something real well i'll
be your personal tour guide
trust me i don't is that good
come on come on
[Applause]
no it doesn't matter what the notes are
it's how you play them
finley sinclair actually not so bad when
you decide to have some fun
you're not so bad yourself but we don't
even like each other we're just too
different
definitely keep this from my parents
it's rather obvious
what planet do you think i live on
written in these walls are the stories
that
i can explain you even like being a
movie star
there's the real packets
he doesn't understand our life we should
probably keep all this between you and
me
i'm just trying to protect he's living
two
lives he can't decide which one he wants
if you really care about him
don't get in the way you just gotta
trust me
i
a good trust i can spot a bad one a mile
away
life really works out the way we family
you've got to learn to play the sorrow
as well as the joy
you can't have one without the other
i think it's really great to like
support females particularly um
female entrepreneurs cool future great
awesome
danielle danielle
morrissey and her daughter stephanie
jessica whatever you should really talk
to her you know no
it's just a job my mom is so sorry for
your loss
no funny business with maya thank you
i think everyone that's bi is
experimenting you have zero gaydar
excuse me kid i lived through new york
in the 80s my gaydar
is strong as a bulma you can't just like
show up to like
the after party for a shiva right and
like reap the benefits of the buffet
she lost so much weight yeah you think
she has an eating disorder
again feminism isn't exactly what i call
a career it's not my career it's a lens
[Music]
max worked for your father years ago
really
just try to behave yourself today i'm
not gonna blow him in the bathroom
why do you keep looking over there hi
i'm ken beckett i don't think she's
pretty
malibu barbie is not pretty i mean she's
just like
basic you are such a good
[Music]
is she kid i already have a plan and a
path so so you just
study and don't eat
and go out with your beautiful friends
is that it
is that your life yeah yes that's my
life
wow lucky you
mom who died
[Music]
we've had some issues on campus
fraternities calling our girls on social
media after hooking up with them
it's a crude game
what do they post
an exclamation point
happy first homecoming
gotta raise the stakes baby
[Music]
something happened last night
we have one victim and are still looking
for a suspect
bye
everything has been taken care of what
does that mean
if this were to spiral out of control
it could hurt all of us
they have a really important question to
ask you
what should my caption be
he told me his story these
are his memories
can you feel him now in the earth
no i don't know what you mean i think he
do
so what are you working on searching
ways of making crops more efficient
funny place to study crops in a forest
we had to send a rescue party in to get
a group out a couple of months ago
they got lost why didn't they use gprs
there's no phone reception in there
people get a bit funny in the woods
sometimes
you're worried she's gonna get you yeah
who is it it's a local folk tale
she's the spirit of the woods
wake up something's there
listen someone's watching us
i saw something in the woods he wants to
[Music]
talk
what do you want
everything seems to just keep us here
ah
[Music]
i'm driving no no no no what if you get
into an accident or something well how
am i going to learn how to drive mom
what are we doing here just stay here
oh god i need something that's in a
locker
the only thing is i don't know which
lock
what do you want me to do help us find
the locker
we're not leaving here until we get what
we want find my diamonds
we cut you from side to side
stop
who was in the bathroom my daughter
[Music]
i want my diamonds
we got a bigger problem now
we've got 1.2 million in diamonds are we
going to get out of here
i'm not afraid of you
how do you know husband
whether you will save your wife you make
plans for things
life happens
i want to live a bigger life
[Music]
you know and i am surprised that you
wound up mary and jacob
whatever happened to the adventurous
hand
[Music]
oh this is so tempting
i just can't do it to drink
who are you that's odd you've got new
teeth coming in
what ah oh good you're home get changed
i'd like to go out 40 years i've known
this woman every day they're safe
now i don't know who i'm coming home to
how much of that could i get
you want the blood
i feel more alive than i have in years
hey mrs fetter you all right
this is better
it wasn't me of course i'm with you
why didn't you tell me when this first
happened i felt ashamed
as you should husbands
love your wife he loves his wife
loves himself
that looks heavy
i want to make my own decisions from now
on you ever see something you couldn't
explain sheriff
you don't know how to fight for me
because you've never done it since
give me the strength to save her soul
we need to finish it
are you going to write this one up david
domestic dispute
non-violent
dear god thank you for bringing us
together as a family
i hope you're both settling in well yes
thank you father
we'll make it a home in every room
over there is bedroom that
is the living room and this is the
dining room
what's this room you're not to go there
you're forbidden
what's the time
but the time is still
what's the time store
addy
there has been a man seen in town this
afternoon he's a charlatan
a storyteller he's dangerous why have
you placed a young couple in that house
they shouldn't be there have you seen
things in the night perhaps
there's whispers you're talking about
the voices
what did you hear it was nothing
it's just created by that man to mess
with our heads
there's evil
hello hello
[Music]
you